README.md, before:

# aiyproject-voicehat-activate-light-with-snips
Turns on the google aiyproject voicehat LED when snips ASR is active

First, be sure you have Google aiyprojects-raspbian repository available.
See https://github.com/google/aiyprojects-raspbian.git Be sure to checkout
"voicekit", too.

Install pip for python3 and paho-mqtt

```
sudo apt-get install -y python3-pip
sudo pip3 install paho-mqtt
```

Next, modify snips.lights.py to specify the host and port for your snip's MQTT.
If this is running on a snips satellite, these should match the "mqtt" entry in
the "[snips-common]" section of your snips.toml file.

Update snips.lights.service to point to your copy of snips.lights.py

Copy snips.lights.service to /lib/systemd/system/

Run the following commands to enable and start snips.lights.py:

```
sudo systemctl daemon-reload
sudo systemctl enable snips.lights.service
sudo systemctl start snips.lights.service
```

Now, when you activate snips, the LED on your voicekit will light.  It will go
out after snips has recorded your command.  The light is triggered from
hermes/intent/asr/startListening and hermes/intent/asr/stopListening.

Note that if you have multiple satellites, this will trigger the light on all
satellites.  That's a bug, and one I'll eventually get around to fixing.
Maybe. :)

Commit message:

Fixed issue #1
Added code to match the siteId in the MQTT messages, and only turn the
light on/off if it matches.  Updated README.md to no longer mention this
limitation.

Minor modifications to make the user modifyable part of snips.lights.py
more consistent (HOST, PORT, THIS_SITE), too.

README.md, after:

# aiyproject-voicehat-activate-light-with-snips
Turns on the google aiyproject voicehat LED when snips ASR is active

First, be sure you have Google aiyprojects-raspbian repository available.
See https://github.com/google/aiyprojects-raspbian.git Be sure to checkout
"voicekit", too.

Install pip for python3 and paho-mqtt

```
sudo apt-get install -y python3-pip
sudo pip3 install paho-mqtt
```

Next, modify snips.lights.py to specify the HOST and PORT for your snip's MQTT.
If this is running on a snips satellite, these should match the "mqtt" entry in
the "[snips-common]" section of your snips.toml file.

Modify snips.lights.py to specify THIS_SITE if you have changed the name of the
site (this is mandatory for a satellite!).  You'll find this in the "bind"
setting of the "[snips-audio-server]" section of your snips.toml file.  Just
don't include the @mqtt part.

Update snips.lights.service to point to your copy of snips.lights.py

Copy snips.lights.service to /lib/systemd/system/

Run the following commands to enable and start snips.lights.py:

```
sudo systemctl daemon-reload
sudo systemctl enable snips.lights.service
sudo systemctl start snips.lights.service
```

Now, when you activate snips, the LED on your voicekit will light.  It will go
out after snips has recorded your command.  The light is triggered from
hermes/intent/asr/startListening and hermes/intent/asr/stopListening.
